(handshake)  Uinvest Announces Partnership with WestPark Capital, the USA full service investment.  (handshake)

Uinvest is proud to announce that the company has entered into a consulting partnership with the investment banking firm WestPark Capital, Inc., that will be UInvest's primary U.S.-based investment industry advisor.

According to the letter of intent signed by WPC and UInvest in March 2013, WPC, as a primary U.S. based broker dealer consultant, will help Uinvest on creating a funding portal, as officially recognized by U.S. government - crowdfunding platform. Moreover, WPC has become an advisory partner of our company at UInvest International Conference 2013 that will take place in April 29 - May 1 in Los Angeles, CA. "Crowdfunding - is the future of our globalized business world, it's a logical evolution, and we are happy to find a partner across the ocean who shares these thoughts with us." - Eugene Rubin, UInvest CEO said.

Background information

UInvest is an international investment management company that makes the business cooperation between private investors and small/ medium size businesses easy and efficient. It was founded in 2007 in Ukraine, Eastern Europe. For the past six years, Ulnvest has been connecting private investors with small and medium size businesses and facilitated investment transactions with over a hundred companies resulting in more than 220 million US dollars in successful investments. Ulnvest is also known to be a regional leader in financial planning, investment, and consulting.

Uinvest's advisory partner, WestPark Capital, Inc. (www.wpcapital.com), is a full service investment bank, which among other categories is focused on emerging growth sectors such as healthcare, software, technology, biotechnology, financial services, manufacturing, consumer products, media and telecom industries. WestPark provides a comprehensive range of corporate finance services, including initial public offerings, follow-on offerings, private placements and corporate finance advisory services. WestPark is committed to forging lasting partnerships with emerging growth companies and the investors who back them. It is a member of FINRA/SIPC

Sign up and compound your way to thousands!!!! https://uinvest.com.ua/?amigosid=32511
